cinema synopses spoiler alert
[Music]
eons ago bore father of Odin clashes
with the Dark Elf
Malekith who seeks to unleash a weapon
known as the either on the nine realms
an ancient force of infinite destruction
after conquering malakas forces
including enhanced warriors called the
cursed on their homeworld of spouts that
hype bore safeguards the either within a
stone column but ash god the weapon from
his grasp
unbeknownst to bore Malekith his
lieutenant algerie mia and a handful of
Dark Elves escaped into suspended
animation in present-day Asgard
Loki stands imprisoned for his war
crimes on earth meanwhile Thor alongside
warriors Thunder time for stuff and SIF
repel Marauders on vanaheim home of
their comrade huqin it is the final
battle in a war to pacify the nine
realms following the reconstruction of
the by post the Rainbow Bridge between
realms which had been destroyed two
years earlier the Asgardian soon learned
that the convergence a rare alignment of
the nine realms is imminent as the event
approaches portals linking the worlds
appear at random in London
astrophysicist dr. Jane Foster and her
intern Darcy Lewis traveled to an
abandoned Factory where such portals
have appeared disrupting the laws of
physics around them
separating from the group Jane is
teleported to another world where she is
infected by the either Heimdall alerts
Thor that Jane has moved beyond his near
all-seeing vision leading Thor to earth
when Thor finds Jane inadvertently
releases an unearthly force and Thor
returns with her to Asgard
Odin recognizing the ether warns that
the ether will not only kill Jane but
that its return heralds a catastrophic
prophecy
it changes matter into dark matter
Malekith awakened by the ethers release
turns I him into a cursed an attacks
Asgard you might want to take the stairs
to the left during the battle
Malekith and I ogre him search for Jane
sensing that she contains the either
Thor's mother
Frigga is killed protecting Jane and my
lackeys and our team are forced to flee
without Jane despite Odin's orders not
to leave Asgard Thor reluctantly enlists
the help of Loki who knows of a secret
portal to survive time where they will
use Jane to learn and confront Malekith
away from Asgard Malekith in return
Thor promises Loki vengeance on Malekith
for killing their mother I know you seek
vengeance as much as I do with verse tag
and sip
stalling Asgardian soldiers and Fondren
assisting their escape Thor Loki and
Jane had to spark a fight
good let's go okay you may fail I like
her
you know this planet you're just gonna
get us killed they're low key tricks
Malekith into drawing the ether out of
Jane I am Loki of Jotunheim and I bring
you a gift but Thor's attempt to destroy
the exposed substance fails Bala key
merges with the ether and leaves in his
ship as Loki is fatally wounded while
killing I could see you in Hell muster
Thor cradling Loki in his arms promises
to tell their father of his sacrifice
afterwards
Thor and Jane discover another portal in
a nearby cave and reunite in London with
Darcy and Jane's mentor dr. Erik Selvig
who is briefly institutionalized due to
the mental trauma he suffered during
Loki's attack on earth they learn that
Malekith plans to restore the Dark Elves
to dominance by unleashing the ether at
the center of the convergence in
Greenwich for battles maliki through
various portals and across multiple
worlds until one portal separate leaving
molecule unopposed on earth Thor returns
in time to help his mortal comrades use
their scientific equipment to transport
Malekith disembarked on Hydra
where he is crushed by his own damaged
ship Thor returns to Asgard where he
declines Odin's offer to take the throne
and tells Odin of Loki's sacrifice
father I cannot be king of Asgard loki
died with honor i should try to live
this as he leaves Odin's form transforms
into loki who is alive and impersonating
odin in a mid-credits scene for stag and
SIF visit the collector and entrust the
either to his care why commenting that
having two Infinity stones so close
together would be unwise as they leave
the collector states his desire to
acquire the other five stones
in a post-credits scene Jane and Thor
reunite on earth while somewhere in
London a frost monster from Jotunheim
accidentally transported to earth during
the final battle continues to run amok
keep watching for some great Easter eggs
in trivia from Thor dark world Thor
accidentally destroys a statue of his
grandfather Bor and Loki wisecracks that
he killed him in the Marvel Comics Thor
ended up killing his grandfather as part
of a deception by Loki Stone creature
Thor fights is a cronin an alien being
that appeared in Thor's first comic
journey into mystery number 83 Bala
Keith's Thunder burned face is an homage
to the classic John Byrne design of the
character whose face was half purple in
the comics the star burst on his chest
armor was also a nod to the original
comic design can I have my shoe back
Stan Lee makes his cameo as the man who
asks dr. Selvig for his shoe back when
dr. Selvig is in the mental ward
explaining the convergence theory the
aether is identified by the collector to
be an infinity gem it's red color
identifies it as the gem of power
however according to James Gunn the gem
of power is the one that appears in
guardians of the galaxy in 2014
[Music]